hi everybody this is your pastor the
plumeria expert and today I would like
to show you the plumeria cuttings that I
got from the Southern California plumber
Society cutting cell the right over here
and um I got one that's actually pretty
rare it's called a confetti plumeria as
most you guys know those sell for about
a hundred and fifty dollars online I got
it for a decent price and lucky to get
that got a lot of other color Suri's
Hawaiian flag and some other colors that
I really don't remember the names of but
they're really really unique and I got
some other ones back there that'll also
be offered for so I got a Neville's gold
right there
some pops red rainbow and some seedling
right there also so all of these plants
will basically be available at our yard
cells that we're going to be having this
summer except for the confetti plumeria
and some of my big plants because those
I have to keep obviously but pretty much
everything is healthy everything is
growing very well and it's starting to
get warm over here so we're having
really good weather so that you know the
roots will start to develop because
these are still cutting so there's no
roots yet but the roots will develop
with heat and with time and since we're
going to start selling in a couple
months it's perfect timing because
already be gone by then so all these
cuttings will be available at our yard
sales but for those of you guys that
watch my youtube videos I just wanted to
show you guys what I got this one right
here the one I was telling you about
earlier the confetti plumeria is
actually one of the most rarest colored
plumerias that you could ever find
literally if you go online and you
search for confetti plumeria there's
almost nobody selling them and there if
somebody is only then one potted in a
pot I saw on exotic plumeria calm one of
these potted in a five gallon pot it can
be sold for $300 so it's pretty
expensive and I was so fortunate to be
able to get this the the seller what's
her name is Katie Lutz she's a member of
the Southern California plumeria Society
she also she put a picture here so you
can see the color of the blooms and as
you can see they're very unique people
just
are the blooms of the confetti plumeria
as something that some some color mix
that no other plumeria can really
duplicate so I'm just really happy that
I got this one and this one will
definitely not be be sold at our yard
sales but this one will stay out here
and continue to grow and get nice and
big and it'll take some cuttings off of
those and then open and then I can start
selling them to you guys but for now
you're just going to let it grow so
maybe next year but not right now so got
some of the other big plants are here
like my big Saladin right here and my
big Neville's gold right here this one
was actually chopped to pieces and it
just immediately grew back you can tell
by these three little shoots right here
and if you look up here there's actually
going to be around four new branches and
plus an inflow so I'm going to get some
blooms this year as well so pretty
exciting time for all these big plants
and seedlings as well as once you guys
know seedlings really you can't tell
what color they're going to be so the
exciting part is you might actually end
up having a color that you know nobody's
ever discovered before which is pretty
cool and then you get to name it
you may be wondering what's the deal
with this plant it's actually growing a
little bit weird well this one was grown
under a hydrophonic light and for some
reason it was leaning this way and it
was so heavy that it just continued to
grow and grow towards the light which
was up here so that's that's the reason
for the little formation there but still
pretty cool plumeria you know and even
even as a seedling plumerias will start
to develop these tiny little branches
and i think that's so cool and there's
also another one coming out right here
and it's also growing really really well
you can see these new baby leaves coming
out and this one sits right here and it
gets full Sun all day and all these
plants over here on you have to get full
Sun also because most you guys will ask
me I mean getting some questions because
you guys are asking me like you know how
much Sun does my plants get and stuff
like that
well basically over here since we do
live in an apartment
the balcony does not get full Sun all
day but pretty much for about four hours
in the morning Sun is just constantly
beating on this location and that's what
plumerias really require they require
lots of heat you know and it's a it's
just perfect for them and they grow like
crazy over here a lot of people will say
that memories don't grow over here I'm
like else in order I've been told that
many times but it's not true there's
people in Riverside that grow plumerias
in a corona that grow plumeria so I mean
pretty much you can grow them anywhere
as long as it gets hot during the summer
time you know when it gets cold during
the winter time people will bring them
inside inside a garage and stuff but
pretty much you can you can grow than me
where in the country you just need to
pretty much adapt the way you grow them
to your living conditions wherever you
live so just want to show you guys what
I got today at the premiere sighting cut
itself got a lot of really cool plants
the one that they also the other one
that I'm really excited about is the
Hawaiian flag and stories because the
reason is a really unique smell and the
Hawaiian flag is just a really kind of
small bloom but its root the color it's
just really like you know unique so just
want to show you guys what I got today
hope you guys like it I hope I see some
of you guys on my yard cells and for
everybody that's a member of my website
JC Kumari sorry comm want to say hi to
all you guys and see you guys seen in my
yard cells thank you guys so much for
watching this video and I will see you
guys next time